grammer 7-14-2015
	I'm working on an app that allows a user to input a tsv separated matrix and obtain a clutergram visualization. I have a few bugs that need to be fixed so that the clustergram will work for small matrices. 

	Here's how to get into debug mode in javascript: 
  // debugger
  debugger;

To Do
	*. fix overflow on the left bug
	*. fix thin tiles bug
	4. determine if network formatting is incorreact and alert user rather than failing
	
Low priority 
	3. fix overflow from left side of column labels bug
	5. set color of the clustergram based on matrix data, black for positive data only, red/blue for up/dn data. 
	6. allow uploading excel files using python's excel uploading capabilities 

grammer 7-15-2015  

	Avi recommended changes
		1. Suggests to rename it Clustogrammer instead of grammer
		2. Add options
			a. colors
			b. cluster by rows or columns only
			c. specify distance metric
			d. specify linkage type
		3. Allow users to manually swap the orders of the rows and columns
		4. Provide save functionality to SVG, EPS, PNG, PDF
		5. PRovide APIs that will submit the matrix to you as a JSON and they you will fire the app in a new winow or embedded in an existing page. 

	I'm going to implement the following changes, which are a combination of my own and Avi's changes. 

	To Do
		1. save data to mongodb, provide permanent link to user 
		1.1 provide export image capability, SVG, EPS, PNG, PDF
		2. add user login 
		3. add clustering/viz options (manual reordering)
		4. Provide API that GEO2Enrichr can comunitate with 
		5. add note taking capabilities 
		6. d3 viz changes
			1. add onclick callback function for group rects that will return group rows/cols 
			2. allow ordering by user-defined categories 
			3. add general ability to have bars on col and row titles 
			4. fix zoom reset col/row label reordering bug
			5. clean up variable height of tiles
			6. fix narrow tile bug 
			7. improve row/column highlighting search 
			8. have the numeric value appear on hover over a tile
			9. clean up the css, there are a huge number of unnecessary components in the custom css 
			10. improve onclick callback function - prevent click when dragging and double clicking 
			11. get canvas version of the code working (will consist of one svg and one canvas)
			12. keep the horizontal white lines in place during the transition - only move the tiles 
			13. column search highlighting only (no zooming)
			14. allow manual switching of rows and columns (its not clear how to allow the user to control this)
			-. set up variable color triangles 
			-. set up optional highlighting of tiles if there is evidence added
			-. automatically identify clusters and control cluster sizes using variable incosistency 
			-. add dendrogram-like view made from colored rects 
			-. allow column search (this is not a feature I want right now, I will limit column search to highlighting)
			-. add initial ordering as an optional argument, default to 'clust'
			- user defined categories can be defined in the row/col nodes or in the input matrix 
			-. fix hover highlighting bug - it appears to only hover when its over the border lines 
			-. set sizing to outside div
			-. clean up column label spillover on left side
			-. add optional callback function for clicking on tile 
			-. fix scrolling bug, the entire page scrolls slightly to the left or right when panning the clustergram
			-. allow fixed or variable clustergram size, default to varaible with required outer margins 
			-. clean up how the matrix is made in d3_clustergram.js 
			-. have variable domain/range cutoff controls, have it default to the max up/dn from the data 
			-. add row and col labels into svg and have inputs for these
			-. add row labeling triangles 
			-. remove global variables 
			--. allow more than one user-defined categories with user-defined category-names and colors (not going to do this)


	row/col nodes will have the following information 
		name  - the name of the row/col 
		class - user defined classes given as strings (used to color triangles and used as an optional ordering method)
		clust - the clustered order 
		rank  - the ranked order
		group - an array of group numbers and inconsistency values (used to color rects)
		value - optional value that defines the bar length 

		- nodes can be ordered by clust, rank, or class 

mongodb
	Qiaonan will send me the ip address for mongodb, the one hosted on one of our servers. I can then make a database within the mongodb, use robmongo for something(?) and then write to the database using Pymongo. 

getting groups from linkage 
	I'm using the matlab function cluster.m 
		http://www.mathworks.com/help/stats/cluster.html
	to construct agglomerative clusters from linkages. 

	I think I can do the same thing in python using 
		http://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy-0.14.0/reference/cluster.hierarchy.html

	These functions cut hierarchical clustering into flat clusterings or find the roots of the forest formed by a cut by providing the flat cluster ids of each observations. 