CSTgram 
	I'm working on a website that will display the CST data and I'm starting from the harmonogram website. The website will eventually use flask to cluster data based on user requests. This way I won't have to precompute multiple views. 

	I want to use the sidebar to allow users to navigate the different data sources. 

	I can toggle the sidebar using 
		// open sidebar 
		d3.select('#wrapper').attr('class','');
		// close sidebar 
		d3.select('#wrapper').attr('class','toggled');

Server data requests 
	I'm going to use a similar format to what I have for enrichrgram to request data sets from the server, make a custom clustergram, and return the data to the user. I want to do this so that the user can request a clustergram for any transcription factor or kinase that will show its enrichment value (or expression/ptm) value as well as the evidence that implicates the protein. 

	For instance. I can see that SMARCA4 has low expression in many of the cell lines, but I don't know what effect that might be having on gene expression. However, I know the genes that are targeted by SMARCA4 and I can check the expression level of these genes in all cell lines. If I see that some genes that are known to be targeted by SMARCA4 are also expressed at a low level when SMARCA4 is expressed at a low level, then I can conclude that the low expression of SMARCA4 in these cell lines is causing the following genes to be expressed lowly. I can do the same with kinase-substrate, phosphatase-substrate interactions. I can also view a all differentially expressed tfs in a single cell line and their target gene expression - this will show me which genes are differentially expressed and what transcription factors might be responsible. 

Types of requests 
-------------------
	Gene Expression
	-----------------
		1. Raw CCLE Expression 
			Protein type and zscore cutoff 

		2. Specific Cell Line 
			diff expressed tfs and their target genes
			enriched kinases and their targets 

		3. Predictions 
			Enriched TFs in all cell lines 
			Show the differentially expressed genes that most correlate with a TF, regardless of whether the gene is downstream

	PTM 
	------
		1. Raw PTM data (including missing values)

		2. Specific Cell Line 
			enriched kinases and their targets 

		3. Predictions 
			Enriched kinases or phosphatases in all cell lines 

	I'll work on task 1 from gene expression. I want the user to be able to request gene expression data from a particular set of proteins with a specific z-score cutoff for differential gene expression. If the request fails, I will adjust the z-score cutoff. This will be useful for making customized requests for clustergrams involving a specific tf in a specific cell line with a specific zscore cutoff. That type of request will allow us to get a better understanding about what the transcription factors are doing in each cell line. 


	To Do 
	----------
	1. set up some way to navigate all tf-cor clustergrams 
	2. Find examples of a TF regulating kin/pp expression 
	3. set up ptm clustergrams 
	-. calculate the cell line tf and target gene clustergrams 
	-. set up the on-demand transcription factor and kinase clustergrams. 
	-. recalculate the clustergrams and include the rank calculation, get the code from enrichrgram 
	-. set up a global scale for ccle gene eexpression 

NR0B1
	One of the up-regulated TFs in the blue group of cell lines. Its anti-similar in expression to BNIP3L, which is an inducer of apoptosis. 
	
NRG4 has similar expression and is involved in kinase signaling. 

NR4A1 is highly expressed in the blue group of cell lines and the expression of the phosphatase PTP4A1, which is associated with cancer, is correlated with the TF. Its also correlaated with CARD14, which is protects cells from apoptosis. The kinase sik1 is correlated. 


Avi comments 7-13-2015
	1. a little worried about using transcription factor expression as a corollary for activity
		-- need to combine with tf enrichment, downstream gene, and PTM data
	2. need to show kinase expression alongside PTM levels, and predictions based on KEA and X2K. Avi wants me to show three views of kinase activity. 